# IssuerFraudView

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**FraudScoreReasons** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**RecommendedAction** | Pointer to **string** | The action recommended based on the fraud score. | [optional] 
**RiskLevel** | Pointer to **string** | The fraud rating, or level of risk associated with the transaction. | [optional] 
**RiskcontrolTags** | Pointer to [**[]RiskcontrolTags**](RiskcontrolTags.md) | The RiskControl tags that were triggered by the transaction. | [optional] 
**RuleViolations** | Pointer to **[]string** | The rules violated by the transaction. | [optional] 
**Score** | Pointer to **int32** | The risk score generated by RiskControl. This is either the Mastercard Decision Intelligence or Visa Advance Authorization transaction risk score. | [optional] 
**TriggeredRules** | Pointer to [**[]TriggeredRule**](TriggeredRule.md) | Provides a list of rules triggered by a fraud event, along with the information on tags and rule characteristics. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewIssuerFraudView

`func NewIssuerFraudView() *IssuerFraudView`

NewIssuerFraudView instantiates a new IssuerFraudView object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewIssuerFraudViewWithDefaults

`func NewIssuerFraudViewWithDefaults() *IssuerFraudView`

NewIssuerFraudViewWithDefaults instantiates a new IssuerFraudView object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetFraudScoreReasons

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetFraudScoreReasons() []string`

GetFraudScoreReasons returns the FraudScoreReasons field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFraudScoreReasonsOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetFraudScoreReasonsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetFraudScoreReasonsOk returns a tuple with the FraudScoreReasons field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFraudScoreReasons

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetFraudScoreReasons(v []string)`

SetFraudScoreReasons sets FraudScoreReasons field to given value.

### HasFraudScoreReasons

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasFraudScoreReasons() bool`

HasFraudScoreReasons returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecommendedAction

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRecommendedAction() string`

GetRecommendedAction returns the RecommendedAction field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecommendedActionOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRecommendedActionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecommendedActionOk returns a tuple with the RecommendedAction field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecommendedAction

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetRecommendedAction(v string)`

SetRecommendedAction sets RecommendedAction field to given value.

### HasRecommendedAction

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasRecommendedAction() bool`

HasRecommendedAction returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskLevel

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRiskLevel() string`

GetRiskLevel returns the RiskLevel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskLevelOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRiskLevelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRiskLevelOk returns a tuple with the RiskLevel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskLevel

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetRiskLevel(v string)`

SetRiskLevel sets RiskLevel field to given value.

### HasRiskLevel

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasRiskLevel() bool`

HasRiskLevel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRiskcontrolTags

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRiskcontrolTags() []RiskcontrolTags`

GetRiskcontrolTags returns the RiskcontrolTags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRiskcontrolTagsOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRiskcontrolTagsOk() (*[]RiskcontrolTags, bool)`

GetRiskcontrolTagsOk returns a tuple with the RiskcontrolTags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRiskcontrolTags

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetRiskcontrolTags(v []RiskcontrolTags)`

SetRiskcontrolTags sets RiskcontrolTags field to given value.

### HasRiskcontrolTags

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasRiskcontrolTags() bool`

HasRiskcontrolTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRuleViolations

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRuleViolations() []string`

GetRuleViolations returns the RuleViolations field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRuleViolationsOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetRuleViolationsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetRuleViolationsOk returns a tuple with the RuleViolations field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRuleViolations

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetRuleViolations(v []string)`

SetRuleViolations sets RuleViolations field to given value.

### HasRuleViolations

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasRuleViolations() bool`

HasRuleViolations returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScore

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetScore() int32`

GetScore returns the Score field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScoreOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetScoreOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetScoreOk returns a tuple with the Score field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScore

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetScore(v int32)`

SetScore sets Score field to given value.

### HasScore

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasScore() bool`

HasScore returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTriggeredRules

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetTriggeredRules() []TriggeredRule`

GetTriggeredRules returns the TriggeredRules field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTriggeredRulesOk

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) GetTriggeredRulesOk() (*[]TriggeredRule, bool)`

GetTriggeredRulesOk returns a tuple with the TriggeredRules field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTriggeredRules

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) SetTriggeredRules(v []TriggeredRule)`

SetTriggeredRules sets TriggeredRules field to given value.

### HasTriggeredRules

`func (o *IssuerFraudView) HasTriggeredRules() bool`

HasTriggeredRules returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


